Miami has become the ideal place
where to find refuge and of course
it was not going to be an exception for those
young Cuban dancers who
deserted a rich port one of the
dancers is your little brother
how long it is not two years
that is going to be the first thing you say
when I see it and I can embrace it
good to see you life yes sir yes
clear the truth
to
what do you feel seeing little sister I'm not going to
say I do not want to see bryant is
laugh I do not control it the rest sister
so big yes I hope you have
all the illusions of the world of
take you for a walk that we know
Miami above all
very happy and nothing I am here already
I'm here it's finally going to be my
brother to my sister because they have had
a good to have another brother your brother
because I did not have to grow up with him and
I have just spent ten days with
the
you have family here you do not have anyone
not your family in Cuba that is going to say
when you know that the girl at home is no longer
is going to come back to this from the bride
It was a little hard now I'm happy but
I'm sad at the same time
that we carry forward everyone to whom
you have here
and you left in Cuba my family my mom my
sister my uncle I will take me grandmother if I
I had to tell your mother those
words that you could not say because
you could not tell him you were going to stay
there you have the opportunity, you know why
what am I here and what I came to do
here that I came to improve myself and I'm going to
to do it we take a life day my sister
my family that will never be missing when
time here and here
corazoncito is sad for boys
now now no
who was the one who took the first step who
was the guide of this great dream that I say
I'm going to do this and who follows me every
one of us by individual had
thought what I was going to do
Since I 'm here, nothing says when
pass wherever you are when you arrived
when we arrived he and I were
companions the same room in the
fourth coming I told him I do not want
and he said me neither and well we go 15
I grab when he saw that all of you
they sent to run and they did not leave
nobody back is that we take advantage
that had led the delegation to
buy a super I do not know
we left what we
we looked for the passport and when we knew
that at ten o'clock they were going to leave at ten o'clock and
We are leaving the hotel
problems none as they manage to catch those
passports because I understand that
you will withdraw passports when
they leave to travel will not feel I said no no
we
We said we were going to have June in the
passports when they go to travel I do not know no
I understand it but security if apart it is
an identification does not have to have
so that no Cuban will not stay no
it must be in dreams of a dancer
is that they leave an island with so much
repression and they arrive in a country of
liberties but that may not have that
opportunity that perhaps dreams
we came to dances first to
the best of one is the most what
we have always wanted to give and if not
can put things to life to work
in other thing having freedom we can
do everything and having ready we can
dance wherever
How true is it that a teacher of
you if you felt totally
depressed and sad when I knew that already
the group was leaving and what those little children
that he saw grow up they became names
with your own ideals if you are
teacher had a lot of closeness with
we were master teacher Felix
He had a lot of closeness with us
we love and support us a lot and it is always
so much we understand and that sense
He was very sorry for everything that was
happening I understand because they are your children
as you said you are my children and see that
they rise to tristan I understand then they
it is a bit lonely as soon as our
program is an extremely program
successful and rent them on the island of Cuba
and this is worth money so we will have him
have to say to all those people that we
they are going to see a graveyard